(home page cover)
For both big and small businesses, apk group has been the go-to partner for communication solutions globally.
 We can move quickly to give customers a seamless experience thanks to 
our sector-neutral solutions' wide range of communication channels and skilled support.
Communication solutions from end to end










products 
Messaging (p1)

Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

With our global reach, we can deliver your message anywhere in the world
Using our platform or API, create seamless communication through our reliable, scalable,
 and robust messaging channel. Using our platform or API, create seamless communication 
through our reliable, scalable, and robust messaging channel.

(contact seals)


RCS (P2)

Enhance the customer experience with 80% more engagement by leveling up the messaging game

Market mobile in a new way

Rich Communication Services (RCS) enhance SMS with rich media, interaction, and analytics.


Increase engagement, improve customer experience, and increase conversation rates by
 leveraging the potential of RCS Business Messaging. Branding, trust marks, rich cards, 
carousels, recommended responses, and action buttons are also added, offering enormous
 possibilities to scale along with evolving customer preferences for interacting with your brand.

whatsapp business API (p3)

Enhance Your Client Experience

Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.
 By integrating our WhatsApp Business APIs to transmit and receive messages,
 you can enable your company to offer two-way, real-time communication.

Voice (p4)

You Need a Voice for Your Company

Reach millions of people in a day by creating an ideal and customised communication option for your business.
 Deliver seamless voice communications in a variety of languages on a worldwide basis.
 Give your business the ability to send important transactional alerts, one-time passwords,
 and other vital information using a more secure way.

E-mail (p4)

Bring In More. More sales. Large Figures

Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.
 Make the most of your company's potential with effective and appealing initiatives.
 Send the content to the right customers at the right moment, using predefined templates
 or your own original designs, and watch your results soar. You can more precisely tailor
 your content by looking at where recipients clicked in your emails using click mapping.

HLR Lookup (p5)

Boost Your Business Initiatives

Before beginning a bulk marketing option, independently verify your customers' contact information. 
Your company can use our HLR lookup tool to determine the status of any mobile number. 
This is a quick, effective, and exact way to learn the operator and status of a specific mobile number.

Chatbot (p6)
Utilize AI's Strength

Apk Group's ChatBot platform "PinBot" enables your business to engage with customers in a very personal way and
automate customer interactions so that issues can be resolved immediately. 
Our cutting-edge platform analyses customer behaviour or input to produce
 feedback in the form of text messages, images, GIFs, audio files, or videos.
 With our straightforward UX design, you can reduce service administration costs by up to 35%.

LEADr (p7)

Excellent marketing initiatives. numerous channels greater Return.

LEADr, Apk Group's newest product, is already being used by both large corporations and small and medium-sized 
companies to easily power their marketing campaigns. With greater control over landing page designs, multi-channel distribution,
 lead generation, in-depth insights and analytics, goal-oriented campaigns, unique CRM features, list segmentation,
 CRM Integrated Web Forms, Payment Gateway Integration, API Integration, and simple to use mobile-optimized templates,
 LEADr assists the marketing team in automating marketing campaigns.










*industry part*

1....E- commerce 

Entertain your audience. Promote Purchases. Construct experiences.
One of the most competitive business environments requires managing a wide range of client journeys and use cases.
 Today, business success is determined by how well it engages consumers at various points along the e-commerce customer
 journey, from discovery to post-delivery experience. Here, Apk Group's e-commerce solutions arrange a solid alliance 
with the companies operating in the online commerce sector.

Combining cognitive conversations and e-commerce
It all comes down to providing excellent customer service, which promotes brand loyalty, higher GMV, and superior ROIs.
 The seamless, personalised, and highly engaging communication experience is what creates this excellent CX, 
or customer experience. A digital-first conversation that engages and emphasises the message is now required by over 78% 
of users. Apk Group is making significant strides in assisting e-commerce businesses with the development of cognitive
 conversation flows across a variety of platforms that articulate CX and produce better ROI.

Engagement
1. Rapid and practical customer engagement across various platforms
2. Easily gather information and leads
3. Easily promote product and service finding
4. Provide highly tailored promotions and campaigns.

Transactions
1. Timely triggers-Fewer basket abandonments
2. Platform with real-time alerts built in
3. Order tracking and notifications are simple.
4. OTPs and secure payment details

Experience
1. a significant improvement to the whole customer experience
2. greater CSAT with prompt handling and replies
3. Utilizing people effectively in the loop
4. Individualized digital experience

*to End Marketing Solutions*

Utilize Apk Group's end-to-end marketing solutions across a variety of platforms to plan your marketing strategy and campaigns.
 We assist marketplaces in managing high ROI-driven initiatives to increase GMV, from lead generation to conversion.
 We support you by creating a custom workflow and providing cost-effective planning to power your campaigns and remain
 on top of the game.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.














2.....BFSI

Increase Your Success and Confidence by Using Timely Communications

As a result of increased digitization, the adoption of a cashless economy, and shifting customer preferences,
 BFSIs are updating their communication strategy. BFSIs would greatly benefit from any system that
 increases accuracy while doubling service speed and client communication. With APK GROUP, 
you can improve interaction with world-class communication.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.

Voice
Reach millions of people in a day by creating an ideal and customised communication option for your business.





Infrastructure that is Secure and Reliable for All Businesses

Apk Group provides infrastructures with on-premises setup, proactive monitoring, and round-the-clock customer
 assistance that adhere to the highest security, efficiency, and reliability standards. Any customer won't ever 
experience issues with the real-time update from their service supplier thanks to the 99.9% system uptime.

Seamless Integration of Existing Application

Utilize Apk Group's APIs and Plug-ins with the current banking apps and infrastructure to provide customers
 with seamless communication solutions. This shortens the learning curve for the new system by giving the 
current organization's employees the comfort of using their own application.

Automated Client Service Featuring Live Chat

Automate the responses to the customer's questions using Apk Group's bot option to offer simple solutions.
 Any BFSI that implements this solution will experience a 30% operational expense reduction.
 If the bot is unable to address the customer's issue, they can use the bot's answers to get in touch with 
the customer service team directly.

High ROI with 99.97%* Message Delivery Rate

Due to the importance of high return on investment and secure logins in the financial industry, 
Apk Group's services have the highest delivery rate (99.97% for transactional and OTP messages).
 This raises client retention and satisfaction rates for the company.

Utilize WhatsApp Business Platform to boost conversions and business growth.

As 37% of all conversions occur through WhatsApp, you can re-engage
 current clients and boost conversions by 42%. By using the WhatsApp Business Platform, 
you can improve the effectiveness of the BFSI services in many ways, including by customer verification,
 exchanging plans and statements, and more.

Java-Based SMS Application

Due to the fact that some businesses require Java-based messaging applications, Apk Group has created a messaging 
application specifically for these businesses that allows them to send text messages from their database server and
 keep real-time delivery reports.











3.....Travel and Food

Make a statement and advance in the hospitality industry

Reimagine their journey experiences through efficient customer communication, with 85% of travellers carrying phones.
 Give time-sensitive trip updates, solicit reviews, and nurture customers through booking conversions using 
a secure communication tool. Travel encounters that will genuinely please your clients.

delivering a smooth, highly customised experience

The hospitality sector thinks data ownership is essential for personalization because 70% of people 
favour personalised communication. Our user-friendly interface enables the company to create 
unique offers, upgrades, and add-ons to improve every touchpoint in the customer experience.

Be accessible at all times to address issues

Answer user questions virtually and automatically before, during, and after the booking process. 
Reduce any bottlenecks in the user's requests and concerns by using Conversational AI in conjunction with Live Agents to
 offer customers assistance 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Reduce long lines and wait times;
 switch to WhatsApp and instant messaging in place of emails and phone conversations.

More interaction with WhatsApp and text messages when they are two-way

It's crucial to communicate with customers on a platform of their choosing in order to maintain their interest in the process.
 Connect with your customers worldwide by giving them alerts, notifications, and company updates using the 
WhatsApp Business API and other SMS APIs. You can also collect priceless customer feedback and reviews.

Develop the Foundation for Interactive Session

Connect your company to our AI-based bots and Human in the Loop technology to give customers 
a more interactive experience. Using their names, your native tongue, and any other details they require, 
engage, re-engage, and follow up with customers in conversation.

Java-Based SMS Application

Due to the fact that some businesses require Java-based messaging applications, 
Apk Group has created a messaging application specifically for these businesses that allows them to 
send text messages from their database server and keep real-time delivery reports.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.









4....Healthcare

Improve the conversational experience in healthcare

Utilize conversational solutions that are dependable and scalable to transform patient-doctor interactions.
 Any company that operates in the healthcare industry must choose to offer both patients and physicians an
 automated conversation experience. By streamlining the onboarding, appointment, test booking, and report
 sharing processes, doctor-patient connectivity will be improved.

Streamline your services and decrease call volume

Twenty times fewer contact centre agents are required to answer inquiries thanks to WhatsApp, Messaging,
 and Voice Bot, and customer testing procedures have been made simpler. Simply programme AI-bot answers to
 the patient's needs and worries to cut operational costs by up to 30%.

Patient-friendly Workflow Improvement

Allowing automated messages to be sent to patients will help them recall their dosage schedules 
and updates on their prescriptions. Additionally, it makes it possible for the business to stay in contact with the clients.

Evaluate your Services with Faster Feedback

Create your own feedback form by using AI bots or survey links and send it to your patients after they have used your services.
 This will help your business evaluate the patient’s satisfaction rate.

Enhance Internal Communication

Healthcare companies can improve internal communications by integrating messaging, WhatsApp, and APIs.
 Use our secure services to alert the staff and team about the change in shift scheduling and any other time-sensitive information,
 such as emergencies, OT wait times, new patient registrations, and more.

24x7 Customer Support

Healthcare groups must be accessible 365 days a year, around the clock. Keep in touch with the patients using our AI bots, 
and foster loyalty by being accessible to answer their questions whenever they arise.

API and Plug-in Integration are available with Major Application

Healthcare organisations can integrate messaging, email, voice, and WhatsApp APIs and Plug-ins with their current CRM
 or application thanks to development by Apk Group. This will cut down on the time needed for the new system's instruction.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.









5......Real Estate

Better Lead Quality & Conversions

Customers' actions are driving the real estate sector's rapid transition from a pre-COVID to
 a post-COVID world. It is one of the few industries where the business practises, including customer communications, 
have been significantly impacted by this shift. Thank goodness for automation, which has improved customer satisfaction 
and conversion rates while also saving the customer contact. Apk Group has been a pioneer in assisting
 Real Estate Companies in meeting shifting demands.

The Modifying Consumer Behavior

Aside from the customers' spending patterns, the entire process of looking for a home has changed significantly.
 The lead generation process was impacted by the absence of conventional marketing tools like newspapers and
 outdoor advertising, as social distance rules prevented personal property inspections. All of these modifications 
ushered in a new age of marketing and sales conversions in the real estate industry.

Giving Customers a Responsive Environment

The real estate industry underwent its first shift thanks to Apk Group's end-to-end marketing solutions,
 which enabled it to adapt its campaigns to changing consumer behaviour. The discovery of property through
 customer solicitation took on a new form with the help of services like WhatsApp business solutions, 
which significantly increased company ROIs. Without the buyers having to wait for answers and communication, 
the automation allowed for seamless follow-ups and closures.

Seamless Information & Responses

The real estate industry has benefited from the streamlining of information flow and responses thanks to 
the integration of various contact channels and automation of the marketing process.
 The research indicates that only 16% of buyers are willing to wait an entire business day for a response 
to their inquiry in the real estate sector, so our systems' ability to provide prompt responses, which led to high closures, 
was extremely helpful.

Marketing Automation
Responsive experience
Higher Conversions

Better Engagement & Higher ROI

With its wide range of goods and services, Apk Group has been instrumental in helping its real estate 
clients achieve greater involvement and return on investment. Apk Group positions itself as a leader in
 real estate solutions with some of the new products that are in the works and will add a variety of features
 for this specific industry.










6.......Logistics

Power up the Operations' Communication

Send your distribution network regular updates regarding packages, delivery agent details, reschedule requests,
 feedback requests, and return policy procedures. By giving customers the information they need on the right 
channel at the right moment, you can raise customer satisfaction.

Save money and work more effectively

Calling for every update takes effort and costs money. As a result, Apk Group's goods will let you interact with customers
 via a variety of channels, including voice, email, WhatsApp, and messaging. Integrate our offerings, and cut back on overhead.

Improve customer satisfaction by automating activities

With the help of Apk Group's SMS, WhatsApp, and Email APIs, businesses can promptly inform customers on orders,
 deliveries, and payments. We also provide bot solutions so that customers can interact with your business and receive 
complete delivery process details with real-time monitoring.

Pre- and Post-Delivery Alerts

Provide frequent updates on the package's estimated time of arrival, the identity of the delivery person,
 and security details like the order pin to keep customers interested in your business. Additionally, 
submit links or forms to seek delivery and product feedback. facilitate a range of requests, including exchange
 and refund requests.

Answer FAQs with Bot Solutions and Live Agent Chat

Create the bot flows in accordance with your needs and the Frequently Asked Questions, and make your services
 available around-the-clock so that customers can get the solutions to their questions whenever and wherever they want.
 Connect your bot to the live chat agent to speed up customer service by allowing them to talk about their issue with
 company reps directly.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.











7.....StartUps

You Imagine; We Comply.

We at Apk Group are proud to have worked with some of India's top companies, some of which have gone on to 
become unicorns. We are aligned with startup founders and teams because we comprehend their path and 
want to support them in providing their audiences with useful solutions. With the best developer tools available,
 we deliver solutions that drive company growth, customer acquisition, and marketing communications. 
While providing cutting-edge goods and services to startups, we also assist them in cost management through 
some of our programmes, such as "Apk Group Startup Suite."

Launch Apk Group Suite

Apk Group has introduced Apk Group Startup Suite, a carefully curated programme through which it provides free credits,
 go-to-market assistance, and numerous other business & development tools for early-stage companies.
 We are honoured to work with India's top startup centres and accelerators to make this programme a huge asset for 
emerging businesses.

Cost-Efficient Messaging Solutions

We guarantee that we provide early-stage & growing businesses with value for money through cost-effective 
messaging solutions with the finest uptime and delivery in the industry. Whether it's SMS or WhatsApp business messaging,
 our solutions and effective support that handle each use case and journey to the fullest extent enable startups
 to expand business growth while reducing costs.

End to End Marketing Solutions

The biggest challenge for startups is targeted marketing and the analysis of spending vs. results as the cost 
of reaching the target population rises daily. Our messaging solutions provide the precise delivery of such campaigns,
 while our products like LEADr and AI/ML-NLP-driven chatbots give a broad range of customization, personalization,
 and impact to any marketing campaign. Additionally, it is simple to compare spending to outcomes.

Developer Friendly

A strong solutions architecture and a patient team that provides the same are needed for use cases that are fairly innovative.
 Our team at Apk Group has experience working with young entrepreneurs and knows their journey. Please get in touch with
 us if you believe we can help you with your crazy ideas.












8......IoT – Internet of Things

Messaging and 24 Billion* IoT Devices

With the number of IoT devices expected to reach 24 billion in the next few years, M2M and IoT connectivity 
needs to be effective, more dependable, and economical while also conserving the most valuable resource,
 battery life. SMS has firmly established itself as one of the most dependable and economical communication channels
 for M2M (Machine 2 Machine) and IoT communication, right in the middle of the ring of solving such a significant industry issue.
 SMS as a messaging platform has repeatedly demonstrated its effectiveness, dependability, and exceptional reach
 to progress M2M & IoT communication. Let us explain the crucial role SMS will continue to play 
in M2M and IoT conversation.

24 Billion IoT devices talk to each other & to You

There are an astounding 24 billion IoT devices that require M2M and IoT connectivity. Although M2M and IoT
 interactions frequently involve highly sophisticated data-rich communications, the majority of use cases heavily
 depend on the lowly SMS channel.

SMS for Cost-Efficient M2M and IoT Communication

Simple battery-powered sensors are needed for many M2M and IoT use cases in order to transmit data elements
 like temperature, power, security, humidity, weight, distance, etc. SMS is the preferred method for sending and
 getting small amounts of information due to its dependability, reach, and affordability. The aforementioned
 communication hardly ever requires an open data connection. It is much simpler to transmit crucial amounts 
of data using SMS technology as opposed to piggybacking on the mobile networks' signalling system. 
When SMS is used for such communication, an active data connection is not required, which significantly
 reduces battery usage and operating expenses.

SMS as an IoT Trigger

Advanced IoT devices like gas and electric metres, vital sensors, and other connected devices require 
a constant data link in order to transmit complex data. Additionally, because of the compromised battery consumption,
 there will be an increase in maintenance, operational, and logistical expenses. When not in use, these gadgets may,
 however, go to sleep. In these circumstances, SMS can awaken the devices and start an IP session to transmit
 and receive complex data.

The 5G Explosion and IoT

It is a well-known truth that the introduction of 5G services will significantly accelerate the development of IoT devices, 
opening up a wide range of new applications. The majority of use cases, both new and old, will undoubtedly depend heavily 
on the lowly SMS, it is also fairly obvious. It appears that this messaging platform will play a significant role in the
 general adoption of IoT and M2M communication.

Driving the Future of IoT with Apk Group Messenger Services


Apk Group is the market leader in messaging services with a 99.99% uptime and a 97.97% delivery rate
 for IoT and M2M interactions. We have successfully handled some of the most cutting-edge M2M and IoT 
connectivity use cases. Our product team is continuously developing intelligent data for IoT devices and
 supporting new use cases. You can transmit your data safely even during power or data outages thanks to
 our strict data security standards and industry-best uptime.

Reliable
99.99% Uptime

Dependable
99.97% Delivery

Cost Efficient
Lowest Costs

Security
Highest Data Security











........9Entertainment

Real-time results will help you connect with your audience.

Delivering breaking entertainment news promptly on the platforms that matter will increase engagement and 
enhance retention, helping you to create a devoted fan base. For media and entertainment companies looking
 to engage audiences with more pertinent messages across channels, Apk Group is the perfect partner.

Increase Your Audience and Your Income by 10x

90% of people use mobile devices, so by implementing the most innovative, successful, and customised campaigns, 
your business can develop deeper, more meaningful connections with the public, which will greatly increase sales 
and increase customer lifetime value.

Motivate viewers to act and boost participation

Send series previews, audio clips from forthcoming episodes, and other exclusive content to draw in and keep viewers.
 To make your shows more engaging, encourage viewer interaction with the hosts. Get SMS notifications to
 your short- or long-code numbers to track viewer interaction.

Construct captivating campaigns

Are you planning a new show or event? Sending engaging WhatsApp campaigns in over 70+ different languages
 using the safe and thorough Apk Group platform will encourage people to subscribe to your channel or website.
 With click data, you can keep track of interactions and adjust the timing and content of your campaigns for maximum effect.

24x7 Viewer Engagement

By making your company available around-the-clock to react to FAQs more quickly and with more
 individualised interactions, you can increase viewer engagement. Your response times will be cut in half by 
our WhatsApp chatbot, and client satisfaction will rise by 32%.

Integrate your Existing CRM with APK GROUP APIs and Plug-ins

To integrate with your current applications and send any kind of communication through your current portal,
 Apk Group provides APIs and Plug-ins. Utilize the APIs for SMS, WhatsApp, Email, and Voice to enable your 
application to send messages and update.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.















10....Government

Delivered Formal Communications, Every Time

Apk Group is the industry leader and top pick for delivering high-priority official communication from different government 
departments. All crucial communications and messages are always served on time thanks to our reliable infrastructure,
 which has a 99.99% uptime rate.

Apk Group, a DAVP-approved business

Apk Group is pleased to have been appointed by the Department of Advertising and Visual Publicity (DAVP)
 to provide a variety of services. The business has been able to offer the Ministries, Departments, 
Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs), and various other autonomous organisations excellent services and
 communication solutions as a result of this.

Various Events Creating and Providing Formal Communications

When a government official needs to communicate across the entire nation, messaging, particularly SMS, 
offers a deeper penetration. To get the official message out to the public, Apk Group has coordinated extensive 
campaigns with the different government agencies—state and central, PSUs, and other organisations.

Most stringent delivery and safety standards

Our affiliation with providing official communications dates back a few decades, and since then,
 the company has proven its mettle in upholding the highest industry standards and practises and 
delivering the highest safety and delivery benchmarks through a variety of certifications and compliances.

Central Government
State Government
PSU
Autonomous Bodies













11....Pharmaceutical

Deliver exceptional communication

The pharmaceutical industry’s growth is consistent and with this, these enterprises need to be on pace to
 deliver exceptional communication solution and engage more consumers. Apk Group’s messaging, Email, 
and WhatsApp solutions can help with it

.Increase Brand Awareness

Create eye-catching email templates, rich media content for WhatsApp, or pertinent text messages to
 raise brand recognition among potential customers.

Promote the Best-Selling Goods

Promote special deals and discounts to get customers to join your app or visit your website.
 The businesses will be able to send this material using messaging, WhatsApp, and email solutions thanks to
 Apk Group's dependable and secure platforms.

Use APIs to Automate Interactions

Connect your current applications to Apk Group's SMS, WhatsApp, and email APIs to share alerts and
 information about medication refills, offers, and services.

SMS
Ensure your customer receives transactional, OTP, and promotional messages in a timely and secure manner.

E-mail
Utilize our secure and user-friendly email campaigning tool to achieve high ROI.

whatsapp business API
Connect with 2 billion users worldwide using a tool that is quick, easy to use, secure, and dependable.
















About Us

Leading marketing service provider in India, we offer comprehensive marketing solutions for small, 
medium, and big businesses.

1.Many people lack the skills necessary to successfully use digital power and promote their product in 
the face of fierce competition.

2.We are working to create solutions to assist our clients in getting better results because we think
 that digital marketing is the way of the future.

3.For numerous start-ups and well-established businesses, our bulk SMS service and
 digital marketing have proven to be successful.
